Moved new material from README.md into hosted docs, and add links to … (#461)
awslabs/syne-tune: docs/source/tutorials/basics/concepts.rst

`SageMaker managed warm pools <../benchmarking/bm_sagemaker.html#using-sagemaker-managed-warm-pools>`__.

Simulator Backend
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Class :class:`~syne_tune.blackbox_repository.BlackboxRepositoryBackend`.
This backend is useful for comparing HPO methods, or variations of such methods.
It runs on a *tabulated or surrogate benchmark*, where validation metric data
typically obtained online by running a training script has been precomputed
offline. In a corporate setting, simulation experiments are useful for unit and
regression testing, but also to speed up evaluations of prototypes. More details
are given `here <../benchmarking/bm_simulator.html>`__, and in
`this example <../../examples.html#launch-hpo-experiment-with-simulator-backend>`__.

The main advantage of the simulator backend is that it allows for realistic
experimentation at very low cost, and running order of magnitude faster than
real time. A drawback is the upfront cost of generating a tabulated benchmark
of sufficient complexity to match the real problem of interest.

Importantly, Syne Tune is agnostic to which execution backend is being used. You

> can switch between backends effortlessly, just by changing the ``trial_backend``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can easily switch between backends by changing the ``trial_backend``
```
